Again, the SS7 network is what enabled
the cell phone revolution that we will get
to in the next module,
but people found that as
The operators manage mobility, you move
from one cell tower to another cell tower.
The leftovers of the SS7 messages,
people could get through and
actually listen to your calls.
And other technologies
like web cameras using
the all IP network, using SS7,
you could do exactly the same thing.
There was another report that you could
watch baby cams in the neighborhood
just by attacking
the vulnerabilities in the network.
So the takeaway message
from all of this is.
How computers got really powerful
to enable complex operations for
both signaling point and
the data plane processing.
Voice recognition, data processing, and
all of this was possible with certain
aspects of the phone going digital,
and certain aspects going
packet switched networks.
So now, this is really what was
enabling portions circuit switched,
portions package switched.
And in the next module we will add
wireless technologies to the mix.
And we will see how the cell phone
revolution started adding to
this convergence that we now call
the internet of things platform.